Mithril update 2023-12-20 (#313)
IntersectMBO/cardano-updates: blog/2023-12-20-mithril.md

---
title: Mithril Team Update
slug: 2023-12-20-mithril
authors: jpraynaud
tags: [mithril]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

## High level overview

> This week, the Mithril team completed optimizations on the aggregator to handle new types of data to be certified without the need to introduce a new era, and to allow the selection of these types of data with a simple configuration parameter. They have also started implementing a mock aggregator that will help strenghen the tests of the Mithril client in WASM. Additionally, the team kept working on the threat modeling and risk analysis for P2P networking, along with progressing in the implementation of a testing Mithril network for SanchoNet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This week, the Mithril team completed aggregator optimizations, enabling the certification of new data types without introducing a new era. They also facilitated the selection of these data types through a simple configuration parameter.  Additionally, the team started implementing a mock aggregator to strengthen Mithril client tests in WASM, kept working on threat modeling and risk analysis for P2P networking, and progressed with the implementation of a testing Mithril network for SanchoNet.
```

> Finally, they worked on some optimizations and refactoring of the Mithril client CLI, and they started upgrading the Cardano node topology used in the Mithril networks infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, they worked on some optimizations and refactoring of the Mithril client CLI and started upgrading the Cardano node topology used in the Mithril networks' infrastructure.
```
